[instrumental music]
Last week everything
went bananas.
"Dear, family
"you must be wondering
where I went.
"I kidnapped Joey
"but we'll be back
for the wedding.
There was one last thing I had
to do before I got married."
Have mercy!
You took him skydiving?
Well, then where is he? What
if something happened to him?
(Jesse)
Help!
What will happen next.
Even I don't know.
[theme music]
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milk man the paper boy ♪
♪ Evenin' TV ♪
♪ How did I get to livin' here?
♪ Somebody tell me please ♪
♪ This old world's ♪
♪ Confusin' me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you've ever seen ♪
♪ Ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Kids don't sell
your dreams so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold on to ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a face ♪
♪ Of somebody who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're lost out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waitin' ♪
♪ To carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Dooby do ba ba dow ♪♪
(Jesse)
Hey, help!
Help me!
(Jesse)
'Hey, you!
With the tomato truck!'
'Stop!'
I'm up in the tree!
Up here.
Hey, what you doing
up there, fella?
Oh, just enjoying the view!
What do you think I'm doing?
Could you help me down, please?
Well, yeah, sure.
I-I'll tell you, I'll go get
old man Hudson's cherry picker.
Alright, well, hurry up.
I'm supposed to be in my wedding
ten minutes ago. Thanks.
Well, I-I imagine
we'll have you down
in two, three hours, tops.
Now, don't you go anywhere.
What? I can't wait that long.
Mercy!
What are you doing?
T-t-those are
my prize tomatoes
'you just squashed.'
Well, they're-they're
not tomatoes anymore.
They're ketchup.
I just cut out the middleman.
Alright, is that, uh, is that
some sort of tomato joke?
You better watch your mouth,
boy. This here's tomato country.
Look, look, look, I have nothing
but the highest regard
for-for tomatoes and the men
and women that do grow them.
But I need a ride
to San Francisco right now.
I don't give rides
to tomato squashers.
Well, this is my life
we're talking about, okay?
Not-not some dumb vegetable.
- It's a fruit.
- Fruit, vegetable.
Look the point is,
I like you, Red
and-and-and I like
tomatoes a lot. Believe me.
And I like your red hair,
and you know what?
I like your truck
and I'm going to borrow it.
- 'Hey!'
- I'll get it right back to you.
Hey! You get back here!
Open that door!
Hey! Hey! Hold it!
Cousin Harold!
Cousin Harold,
that-that boy
just smashed
every one of my tomatoes.
- Smashed your tomatoes?
- Yeah.
He's trespassing
on my property
and now he's trying
to steal my truck.
Get out of that truck
with your hands up! Now!
Ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha.
Hi, guys.
Listen, uh-uh, you guys are-are
making a big mistake here.
Look, I'm just, I'm late
for my wedding. I..
See, look at this. I got my
tuxedo on and everything, see?
Well, here's a bracelet
to go with it.
Wait a minute, guys.
Guys, you're making
a big mistake here.
Nope. You made the mistake.
Do you know where you landed?
Tomato country?
[instrumental music]
The making of a wedding.
The saga continues.
The groom is now
25 minutes late.
Here's the man who let him
jump out of a plane
on his wedding day.
Joey Gladstone.
Joey,
how do you feel right now?
Sad. Hurt.
Angry, bitter, scared, used.
And I'm pretty hungry.
I forgot to eat breakfast.
Poor Joey. Breakfast is the most
important meal of the day.
And here's Becky
with her loving family.
Any words for Uncle Jesse?
[sniffles]
Darling, I just
hope you're alright.
But if you are alright,
I'll kill you.
Daddy, where's Uncle Jesse?
Uh, hold on, please.
Honey, I'm trying to find out.
When are you
going to find out?
When I find out, Howie.
Did you find out yet?
Kids, if you don't stop this,
I'm gonna turn
this wedding around
and drive right home.
Daddy, you need a nap.
Yeah. Please call me
if you hear anything.
Yes, sir. And I'll
try to squeeze in that nap.
Thank you.
Daddy, is it time
for the wedding cake?
Michelle, we can't have cake
until we have a party.
And we can't have a party
until we have a wedding.
Howie, will you marry me?
Why?
So we could eat wedding cake.
Is it chocolate cake?
Who cares? It's this big
and it got frosting.
[telephone ringing]
Hello? It's Jesse.
- Jesse, tell me what's--
- Let me talk to him.
Are you okay?
He's okay.
Oh, good.
What?
Well, stay right where you are.
Danny, Joey, don't let any
of the guests leave.
I'm coming back
and we're gonna have a wedding.
Dad, I need your car keys
and your wallet. Now.
- But, honey--
- She said now.
- Yes, dear.
- Becky, where are you going?
To tomato country,
to bail my groom out of jail.
She better hurry.
She's going to miss the wedding.
This crowd is getting restless.
You guys better lock the exits.
Joey, we have to tell
these people something.
We can't tell them the truth.
- But I can't lie in church.
- Well, neither can I.
We'll take them out
to the parking lot
and we'll lie
to them there.
That is a dumb idea.
Come here, what's up?
- Where's my baby?
- Oh.
Um, well..
...the truth is your son...
Would, uh, everybody
like to accompany me
to the parking lot?
I know why Jesse's late!
He's in the slammer!
You can all sit down now.
[instrumental music]
Look, you gotta
let me outta here, man.
I'm getting
married right now.
Why don't you believe me?
Because nobody
jumps out of a plane
on their wedding day.
- Jesse.
- Told you.
Hi, honey.
Hello, darling.
You look mad.
Are you mad?
Uh-huh.
Oh, you're so cute
when you're mad.
And right now,
you're-you're about the cutest
I've ever seen you.
Jess, are you insane?
How could you do this
on our wedding day?
Act-actually,
this is really funny.
You're gonna laugh.
Maybe you won't laugh.
No, you're not gonna laugh.
Um, you see, I had-had
this long talk with your dad
and-and he talked to me
about-about settling down
and-and being responsible
and, I just, I had to go out
and get this one last adventure.
What do you mean,
"One last adventure?"
Jess, the adventure
is just beginning.
For both of us.
Sharing our lives
and-and having a family.
And, hey, if you wanna jump out
of a plane, just let me know.
I'll strap on a chute,
I'll be right there next to you.
But, the point is
whatever the adventure
let's just do it together.
Darling, you're the best.
This is beautiful.
I'm dropping all the charges.
Really? You're gonna
let me out of here?
Yeah, I am.
It's Valentine's Day.
There you go.
Just call me Cupid.
Oh, quick,
everybody's waiting.
- We can still make it.
- Let's go.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Wait a minute.
Got a little
wedding present for you.
Oh, thanks, but I don't
really like toma--
That..she loves tomatoes.
They're her favorite fruit.
I thought they
were a vegetable.
Let's go get married.
Thank you.
Nice kids.
- Hey!
- Hold!
- Wait!
- Hold up!
My father's car!
We gotta get to our wedding!
You can't do this to me!
I'm a bride!
And I'm a groom!
- Hey! Hey!
- 'Hey!'
Oh, I'm never gonna catch that
tow truck in these heels.
- There's a bus. Whoa! Stop!
- Stop the bus!
- Stop! Stop!
- Stop!
- Alright. We're in luck.
- Oh, great. Thanks.
- Hi.
We need a ride
to San Francisco.
Sorry, we're really
not going that way.
But my wedding!
We're late.
He jumped out of a plane.
Jail, my father's car
- I hate tomatoes.
- Wait a minute.
Aren't you on
"Wake up, San Francisco?"
Yes, I am.
Hi, I'm Rebecca Donaldson
and this is my fiance
Jesse Katsopolis.
- Hi.
- Hi. Well, hop on.
- Oh, great. Thank you.
- Oh, thank you. Thank you.
- 'We really appreciate this.'
- Hi. Hello.
(in unison)
Hi.
Okay, now you go out to the
highway, you turn left, then..
Why don't I just drive?
Hey! It's your wedding day.
- Great.
- Right.
Becky, you're gonna-you're gonna
drive the bus?
Hey, you had your adventure.
Now, I'm gonna have mine.
Hi. Hi, everybody.
(in unison)
'Hi!'
(Jesse)
'Hit it, darling.'
♪ You say potato ♪
♪ You say potahto ♪
♪ You say tomato ♪
♪ You say tomahto ♪
♪ Potato ♪
♪ Potahto ♪
♪ Tomato ♪
♪ Tomahto ♪
♪ Let's call
the whole thing off ♪♪
Okay, everybody.
First the bride's side.
♪ You say pajahmas ♪
♪ You say pajamas ♪
♪ You say Bahahmas ♪
♪ you say Bahamas ♪♪
[choir singing]
(Jesse)
'Alright! Too much!'
- Thank you, everybody!
- Thank you.
Come on, let's go.
- Thank you!
- Let's go!
- Whoo!
- We can still make it!
Stop the music!
Uncle Jesse is here.
Are you sure, Michelle?
I know what he looks like.
He's my uncle.
Uncle Jesse and Rebecca
are back.
We're gonna have the wedding.
- Alright!
- This is great!
I just said that. Maybe when
I'm five, people will listen.
Hi, everyone.
Sorry I'm late.
Hi. Hi. Sorry I'm late.
I was caught in a tree.
Actually,
- Nice suit. Hi, mom, dad.
- Oh, honey!
Nice to see you. Hey. Hey, fa..
Whoa.
And hit it.
[instrumental music]
Stop the wedding!
Michelle, what's
the matter, honey?
I ran out of flowers.
I'm sorry.
Um...sweetheart.
It's not your fault
you ran out of flowers.
The problem is the church
is much too long.
Wasn't she terrific, everybody?
I did the best I could.
[instrumental
"Here Comes The Bride"]
Who gives this woman
to this man?
Her mother and I do.
Dad, let go.
Sorry, baby.
Dearly beloved
we've waited a long time
for this happy occasion.
A very long time.
Uh, may I have
the rings, please?
Thank you.
And thank you.
- You're welcome.
- And you're welcome.
[chuckles]
Jesse, place this ring
on Rebecca's finger
and say,
"With this ring, I thee wed."
With this ring,
I thee wed.
And, Rebecca, you place
this ring on Jesse's finger
and say,
"With this ring, I thee wed."
With this ring,
I thee wed.
At this time, Jesse
would like to pledge his love
for Rebecca...with music.
[instrumental music]
♪ If every word I said
could make you laugh ♪
♪ I'd talk forever ♪
♪ Mmm ♪
♪ I'd ask the sky
just what we had ♪
♪ Mmm it showed forever ♪
♪ If the song I sing to you ♪
♪ Could fill your heart
with joy ♪
♪ I'd sing forever ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ I've been so happy
loving you ♪
♪ Hey hey let me sing forever ♪
♪ I wanna be loved forever ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ If every word I said ♪
♪ Could make you laugh ♪
♪ I'd talk forever ♪
♪ Together my love ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ I've been so happy
loving you ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ Let the love I have for you ♪
♪ Live in your heart ♪
♪ And be forever ♪
♪ Forever forever ♪
♪ I'll be so happy loving you ♪♪
May your life be filled
with harmony forever.
Rebecca,
do you take this man
to be your
lawfully wedded husband
to love and to cherish
'for as long as you
both shall live?'
I do.
Jesse, do you
take this woman
to be your
lawfully wedded wife
to love and to cherish
'for as long as you
both shall live?'
I do.
I now pronounce you
husband and wife.
You may now..
...go on kissing the bride.
I now present
Mr. and Mrs. Katsopolis.
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Hallelujah
hallelujah ♪
♪ Halle ♪
♪ Lu ♪
♪ Jah ♪♪
Excuse me.
Hi, groom was late.
Lost the hall.
Have a coaster.
- Hey, you.
- Just looking.
Yeah. Just looking
for a good spot to dive in.
Try some pate.
Well, what do you think?
Excuse me.
I have to go spit.
- A toast.
- A toast!
You know, one of
the joys of friendship
is the happiness you feel
when you know how happy
your friends are.
And I think we all know
how happy Jesse and Becky are.
And seeing those two
wacky nuts so happy..
Danny, take it.
I'm too happy.
Aw, Joey, you big softy.
You know, as I look at all
you happy, smiling people
with your glasses raised
I can't help but think
there are so many of you
and so few coasters
to go around.
- So share those coasters--
- Hey, while we're young!
[all exclaiming]
Oh, there's a lot
of love in this room.
To Jesse and Rebecca.
May you have
a wonderful life together.
I love you guys.
Thank you.
(in unison)
To Jesse and Rebecca.
Thank you, everybody.
Attention, everyone!
Attention!
It's time for the first dance
by the bride and the groom.
My Uncle Jesse
and my new Aunt Becky.
Okay, people. Move it! Move it!
Move it! Move it or lose it!
Come on! These people have
to have room to dance now.
Come on. Okay, come on.
Hurry it up. I don't know how
long I can hold these people.
Alright, well-well, as,
uh, as our wedding song
naturally I wanted my favorite
song, "Jailhouse Rock."
But I wanted
a romantic ballad.
Right, so, as the first of very
many, many, many, many
many, many compromises
as husband and wife
we came up
with a little thing.
It goes something like this.
I hope you all enjoy it.
[instrumental music]
♪ Warden threw a party ♪
♪ In the County jail ♪
♪ The prison band was there ♪
♪ They began to wail ♪
♪ The band was jumpin'
and the joint began to swing ♪
Oh, that's sweet.
Now, let's rock!
♪ You should've heard those
knocked out jailbirds sing ♪
♪ Let's rock ♪
♪ Everybody let's rock ♪
♪ Everybody in
the whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancin' to
the Jailhouse Rock ♪
♪ Spider Murphy played
the tenor saxophone ♪
♪ Little Joe was blowin'
on the slide trombone ♪
♪ The drummer boy
from Illinois ♪
♪ Went crash boom bang ♪
♪ The whole rhythm section
was the Purple Gang ♪
♪ Let's rock ♪
♪ Everybody let's rock ♪
♪ Everybody in
the whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancin'
to the Jailhouse Rock ♪
♪ I said dancin'
♪ Dancin'
to the Jailhouse Rock ♪
♪ Yeah oh dancin'
♪ I said dancin'
to the Jailhouse Rock ♪
♪ Everybody in
the whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancin' to
the Jailhouse Rock ♪
♪ Everybody in
the whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancin' to
the Jailhouse Rock ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪♪
[theme music]